= WARNING

This is alpha. On one hand, it has a dependency on "watchr", which is not used but is required by autorefresh :( On the other hand, it is slow and I suspect there is flaw in the way the pusher socket is used ...

= Guard::Autorefresh

Autorefresh guard allows to automatically reload your browser when 'view' files are modified.

It is using {logankoester / autorefresh}[https://github.com/logankoester/autorefresh] to do its job.

No need for a browser extension, it just works.

I wrote it in 3 pomodori as I could not make {guard-livereload}[https://github.com/guard/guard-livereload] work on my machine and I did not want to bother installing an extension.

== Install

Please be sure to have {Guard}[http://github.com/guard/guard] installed before continue.

Install the gem:

    gem install guard-autorefresh

Add it to your Gemfile (inside development group):

    gem 'guard-autorefresh'

Add guard definition to your Guardfile by running this command:

    guard init autorefresh

Add autorefresh socket setup to your layout files:

    <head>
        <%= AutoRefresh.channel('my_awesome_app') if Rails.env.development? %>
    </head>

Do not rename 'my_awesome_app', your app must be awesome and it is hardcoded inside the library.

== Usage

Please read {Guard usage doc}[http://github.com/guard/guard#readme]

== Guardfile

You can adapt your 'view' files like you want.
Please read {Guard doc}[http://github.com/guard/guard#readme] for more info about Guardfile DSL.

    guard 'autorefresh' do
      watch(%r{app/.+\.(erb|haml)})
      watch(%r{app/helpers/.+\.rb})
      watch(%r{(public/|app/assets).+\.(css|js|html)})
      watch(%r{(app/assets/.+\.css)\.scss}) { |m| m[1] }
      watch(%r{(app/assets/.+\.js)\.coffee}) { |m| m[1] }
      watch(%r{config/locales/.+\.yml})
    end

== Development

- Source hosted at {GitHub}[http://github.com/21croissants/guard-autorefresh]
- Report issues/Questions/Feature requests on {GitHub Issues}[http://github.com/21croissants/guard-autorefresh/issues]

Pull requests are very welcome! Make sure your patches are well tested. Please create a topic branch for every separate change
you make.

== TODO

- autorefresh has a dependency on watchr :(
- travis CI ;)

== Authors

{Jean-Michel Garnier}[http://github.com/21croissants]